README.md, before:

# HomeworkPortfolio

Installation:

    Created .html pages for contact, portfolio, and index

    Linked style.css sheet

    Created containers, columns, and rows

    Created background styling

    Found a color that's consistent throughout the whole website

    Created navbar via bootstrap.  Pushed links to the right.  Changed the home navbar to create an individualized feel.  Copied and pasted navbar to each html page.

    Created a footer per the specifications.  Copied and pasted code to all three pages.

Index.html

    Created a header

    Found a professional picture to use an an introductory method

    Wrapped text around picture with image floated to the left.

Portfolio.html

    Created a header.

    Found a placeholder picture.

    Lined pictures up horizontally

Contact.html

    Contact form found via bootstrap.

    Altered text boxes for consistencies purposes and changed the cueing text inside of the boxes

Semantic Elements

    Changed the div classes to semantic elements as appropriate

Screenshots of Project

    1. Main page and About me:  ("./Images/aboutmehtml.png")

    2. Portfolio page: ("./Images/portfoliohtml.png")

    3. Contact page: ("./Images/contacthtml.png")

Commit message:

added description of app to README, made form to send email based on submit button

README.md, after:

# HomeworkPortfolio

Description:
This application was modified from a former application. I created a skeleton portfolio based on the skills that I had at that point. This application is now fully descriptive and functioning with a full biography, personalized touches with fonts, screenshots of projects and assignments, and a functioning form.

Installation:

    Created .html pages for contact, portfolio, and index

    Linked style.css sheet

    Created containers, columns, and rows

    Created background styling

    Found a color that's consistent throughout the whole website

    Created navbar via bootstrap.  Pushed links to the right.  Changed the home navbar to create an individualized feel.  Copied and pasted navbar to each html page.

    Created a footer per the specifications.  Copied and pasted code to all three pages.

Index.html

    Created a header

    Found a professional picture to use an an introductory method

    Wrapped text around picture with image floated to the left.

Portfolio.html

    Created a header.

    Found a placeholder picture.

    Lined pictures up horizontally

Contact.html

    Contact form found via bootstrap.

    Altered text boxes for consistencies purposes and changed the cueing text inside of the boxes

Semantic Elements

    Changed the div classes to semantic elements as appropriate

Screenshots of Project

    1. Main page and About me:

    2. Portfolio page:

    3. Contact page:
